chore(pass-style): Patch release v1.6.1 (#2862)
endojs/endo: packages/pass-style/NEWS.md

User-visible changes in `@endo/pass-style`:

# v1.6.1 (2024-06-17)

- Fixes so that the package initializes on platforms that lack
  `ArrayBuffer.prototype.transferToImmutable`.

# v1.6.0 (2024-06-02)

> **BROKEN BUT PATCHED** in 1.6.1, this version introduced a dependence on the
> underlying platform supporting `ArrayBuffer.prototype.transferToImmutable`.
> The patch restores the ability to use `pass-style` on older platforms without
> the immutable `ArrayBuffer` shim (as entrained by `ses`).
> 
> - Introduces support for `byteArray`.

Reviewer: For the future, I think this text could be worded to avoid discerning the referents for "this version" and "the patch".

```suggestion
**v1.6.0 is BROKEN BUT PATCHED in v1.6.1**

v1.6.0 accidentally introduced a reliance on the underlying platform
to support `ArrayBuffer.prototype.transferToImmutable`.  The patch
in the newer v1.6.1 restores the ability to use `@endo/pass-style`
even on older platforms without `transferToImmutable`.

- Introduces support for `byteArray`.
```
